Review Environment

Submission ID: 3d526f60-a926-4084-8b2d-54a3fd2768a0
Review date: December 10, 2025
Version reviewed: 1.0


Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed

We need additional information about how the app uses face data. Face data is sensitive user information that must be handled properly to protect the user's security and privacy.

Next Steps

Provide complete and detailed responses to the following questions:

- What face data does the app collect?
- Provide a complete and clear explanation of all planned uses of the collected face data.
- Will the face data be shared with any third parties? Where will this information be stored?
- How long will face data be retained? 
- Where in the privacy policy is the app's collection, use, disclosure, sharing, and retention of face data explained? Identify the specific sections in the privacy policy where this information is located.
- Quote the specific text from the privacy policy concerning face data.

Resources 

Learn more about our requirements for data collection and storage in guideline 5.1.1.


Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed

We were unable to sign in with the following demo account credentials you provided in App Store Connect:

User name: demo01
Password: helloworld

To avoid delays, it is essential to provide access to the app's full features and functionality with every submission.

Next Steps

Provide the username and password for a valid demo account in App Store Connect that provides full access to the app's features and functionality or include a demonstration mode that shows all of the features and functionality available in the app. Note that we cannot use a demo video showing the app in use to continue the review.

Resources

Learn how to share information when submitting an app for review.


Guideline 3.2 - Business

We found in our review that your app is intended to be used by a specific business or organization, including partners, clients, or employees, but you've selected public distribution on the App Store in App Store Connect. Since the App Store is intended for apps with a public audience, we recommend reviewing the other distribution options available to you through your Apple Developer Program Account. 

If you believe our assessment is incorrect and your app is intended for a general, public audience, clarify why in your response to the questions provided below.

Next Steps

If the app is intended for use by a specific business or organization, review the other distribution options available for apps designed for specific businesses or organizations and choose a distribution option that works for your app and users. You can review these app distribution options on Apple Developer. 

If you believe your app is intended for a general public audience, review the following questions and provide as much detailed information as you can for each question:

1. Is your app restricted to users who are part of a single company? This may include users of the company's partners, employees, and contractors.
2. Is your app designed for use by a limited or specific group of companies? 
- If yes, which companies use this app? 
- If not, can any company become a client and utilize this app?
3. What features in the app, if any, are intended for use by the general public?
4. How do users obtain an account?
5. Is there any paid content in the app and if so who pays for it? For example, do users pay for opening an account or using certain features in the app?

Resources 

- Learn more about custom app distribution using Apple Business Manager or Apple School Manager.
- Learn more about unlisted app distribution.



Guideline 2.3.3 - Performance - Accurate Metadata
Issue Description

The iPad screenshots show an iPhone image that has been modified or stretched to appear to be an iPad image. Screenshots should highlight the app's core concept to help users understand the app’s functionality and value. 

Next Steps

Upload new screenshots that resolve the issues identified above and accurately reflect the app in use on each of the supported devices.

Note some screenshots may only be viewed and updated by selecting "View All Sizes in Media Manager" in the Previews and Screenshots section of App Store Connect.

Resources

Follow these general requirements when adding or updating screenshots:

- Marketing or promotional materials that do not reflect the UI of the app are not appropriate for screenshots.
- The majority of the screenshots should highlight the app's main features and functionality. Note that splash and login screens are generally not considered to show your app in use.
- Confirm that the screenshots appear identical to the app in all languages and on all supported devices. For example, screenshots can include the controls, interface or menus present in the app. 
- Make sure that the screenshots show the app in use on the correct device. For example, iPhone screenshots should show the app as it appears on iPhone, not on iPad. Screenshots of the app on multiple Apple platforms can be included to demonstrate compatibility. 

Learn more about creating great screenshots for your product page on the App Store or how to upload screenshots in App Store Connect.